Enable multi-select on gradio.Dropdown (#2871)
gradio-app/gradio: CHANGELOG.md

Progress indicator bar by [@aliabid94](https://github.com/aliabid94) in [PR 2750](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/2750).

* Added `title` argument to `TabbedInterface` by @MohamedAliRashad in [#2888](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/2888)
* Added `multiselect` option to `Dropdown` by @dawoodkhan82 in [#2871](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/2871)

> ### With `multiselect` set to `true` a user can now select multiple options from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With `multiselect` set to `true` a user can now select multiple options from the `gr.Dropdown` component.
```
